A Troll in Central Park;;1994;;G;;Animation,Adventure,Comedy;;5.5;;Don Bluth,Gary Goldman;;Dom DeLuise,Cloris Leachman,Charles Nelson Reilly,Jonathan Pryce,Hayley Mills,Phillip Glasser,Tawny Sunshine Glover,Neil Ross,Will Ryan,Pat Musick,Frank Zambetti,Jack Angel,Don Bluth,Bill Fagerbakke,Scott Menville,Patrick Pinney,Kath Soucie;;At the beginning of the film, viewers are introduced to an underground 'Kingdom of the Trolls', where all symbols of beauty, especially flowers, are forbidden by the evil Queen Gnorga (Cloris Leachman). Protagonist Stanley (Dom DeLuise) is an unusual troll with the power to create moving, talking flowers with a touch, who cultivates a garden in secret. When he mistakenly exposes himself, Gnorga holds a trial ('The Queen of Mean'), where she threatens to turn Stanley to stone (her usual punishment), until her consort King Llort (Charles Nelson Reilly) recommends exile instead, to a place he believes to harbor no beauty at all. When Gnorga acts on this, the place of exile proves to be New York City, where Stanley takes refuge in a cave beneath Central Park. Soon afterwards, he is befriended by two human children: Rosie (Tawny Sunshine Glover) and her elder brother Gus (Phillip Glasser). Inspired by Rosie, he creates a beautiful garden in his cave ('Absolutely Green').<br><br>Word of Stanley's happiness reaches the Troll Kingdom, and Gnorga's reputation suffers. She, in retaliation, attempts to drown Stanley and his human friends with a flood created from Gus' tears; but this fails, when Stanley's own magic, and Gus' desire to protect Rosie combine to break Gnorga's spell. Stanley then displays his ideal of a world, in which the trolls live at peace and all else is beautiful ('Welcome to my World'). When Gus and Rosie leave for home, Gnorga destroys much of Central Park with a cyclone, and captures Rosie. Gus scolds Stanley for his fear of Gnorga, and tries to rescue Rosie, but is changed by her into the shape of a troll. Stanley, ashamed, rescues both, and confronts Gnorga. After a fierce contest of their powers, Stanley changes Gnorga partly into a rosebush, and she, through the transformed Gus, turns Stanley to stone. Moments later, Gnorga becomes a rosebush altogether, and her own power teleports her and Llort back to their kingdom. Gus, restored to his human form, retrieves the petrified Stanley.<br><br>The next day, Gus and Rosie return Stanley to the Park, where he unexpectedly returns to life, restores the Park to its intact state, and briefly covers the entire city with flowers ('Absolutely Green', reprise). A brief epilogue reveals, Llort is now ruling the Troll Kingdom alone, much more gently than Gnorga.;;https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0108395/