Primal Fear;;1996;;R;;Crime,Drama,Mystery;;7.7;;Gregory Hoblit;;Richard Gere,Laura Linney,Edward Norton,John Mahoney,Alfre Woodard,Frances McDormand,Terry O'Quinn,Andre Braugher,Steven Bauer,Joe Spano,Tony Plana,Stanley Anderson,Maura Tierney,Jon Seda,Reg Rogers,Kenneth Tigar,Brian Reddy,Christopher Carroll;;Martin Vail (Richard Gere) is a prominent, cynical defense attorney in Chicago who loves the public spotlight and does everything he can to get his high-paying clients off crimes they commit on legal technicalities. One of Vail's clients is a Cuban-American mobster named Joey Pinero (Steven Bauer), who's arrest Vail has just cleared on a legal technicality. Vail meets with Pinero at his bar hangout in Chicago's poverty stricken south side to discuss Pinero's options who was brutalized during his arrest months earlier, and now the city is offering Pinero a $1.5 million settlement for his injuries and to leave Chicago for good. Pinero agrees to take the settlement, but refuses to leave town for he claims that Chicago is his home and his "people" need him around for their own well being and protection.<br><br>One day while at a bar, Vail sees a news report about the arrest of Aaron Stampler (Edward Norton), a young, stuttering, 19-year-old simpleton altar boy accused of murdering the beloved and highly respected Archbishop Rushman (Stanley Anderson) of the Catholic Church in Chicago in the archbishop's apartment. As a result, Vail jumps at the chance to represent the young man pro-bono.<br><br>At first, the spotlight-loving Vail is interested primarily in the publicity that the case will bring, yet during his meetings at the county jail with Aaron, Vail comes to believe that his client is truly innocent, much to the chagrin of the prosecutor (and Vail's former lover), Janet Venable (Laura Linney).<br><br>As the murder trial begins, Vail discovers through Pinero and other connections that wealthy and powerful civic leaders, including the corrupt States Attorney John Shaughnessy (John Mahoney) as well as the mayor, have recently lost millions of dollars in real estate investments due to a decision by the Archbishop not to develop on certain church-owned lands. The Archbishop received numerous death threats as a result. Vail also learns through the grapevine that the archbishop had been sexually abusing altar boys, including Stampler.<br><br>After Vail and his associate Tommy Goodman (Andre Braugher), track down a man seen burglarizing Stampler's apartment, they track down and chase the man to a homeless encampment where they learn about a VHS tape that Rushman had. Vail secretly makes a search of Archbishop Rushman's apartment and discovers the VHS tape shot by Rushman which shows Stampler being forced to have sex with another teenage altar boy and a teenage girl named Linda Forbes. Vail is now in a dilemma: introducing this evidence would make Stampler more sympathetic to the jury, but it would also give him a motive for the murder-which Venable has been unable to establish.<br><br>The trial does not proceed well for the defense, as there is considerable evidence against Stampler since he was found running from the crime scene of the Archbishop's apartment with blood splattered all over his clothes, and he claims not to remember anything about the murder. However, public opinion holds Stampler almost certainly guilty and there are denials by the public about the Archbishop's true nature of being a pedophile. Vail has the sex mailed tape to Venable, knowing that she will realize who sent it... since she is under intense pressure from both Shaughnessy and her boss Bud Yancy (Terry O'Quinn) to deliver a guilty verdict at any cost... and will use it as proof of motive.<br><br>At the city jail, when Vail confronts his client and accuses him of having lied, Aaron breaks down crying and suddenly transforms into a new persona: a violent, foul-mouthed sociopath who calls himself "Roy." He confesses to the murder of the Archbishop for the years of molestation and abuse. "Roy" then throws Vail against a wall of his jail cell, injuring him. When this incident is over, Aaron Stampler reemerges and appears to have no recollection of it. Molly Arrington (Frances McDormand), the psychiatrist examining Aaron and who witnessed the entire event, is convinced he suffers from multiple personality disorder due to childhood abuse by his own father, in which apparently resurfaced following the molestation of the Archbishop upon him. However, Vail realizes that he cannot enter an insanity plea during an ongoing trial.<br><br>As a result, Vail begins to sets up a confrontation in court by dropping hints about the Archbishop's true nature as well as Aaron's multi-personality disorder. At the climax, Vail puts Aaron on the witness stand where he gently probes him in direct examination over his unhappy childhood and troubled dealings with the Archbishop. He also introduces evidence that both Shaughnessy and Yancy had covered up evidence of Rushman molesting another young man (and also implies that Shaughnessy had Joey Pinero murdered when his body is found floating in the Chicago river). During cross-examination, after Janet Venable questions him harshly, Aaron turns into Roy in open court and charges at her, threatening to snap her neck if anyone comes near him. Aaron is subdued by courthouse marshals and is rushed back to his holding cell.<br><br>In light of Aaron's apparent insanity, the corrupt Judge Shoat (Alfre Woodard) dismisses the jury in favor of a bench trial and then finds Aaron not guilty by reason of mental insanity, and remands him to a maximum security mental hospital. Yet afterwords, Janet is fired from her job for allowing the corrupt dealings of the Archbishop to be made public as well as the sexual abuse of alter boys that both the Catholic Church and the city council have been trying to hide for the past 10 years.<br><br>In the final scene, Vail visits Aaron in his cell to tell him this news. Aaron says he recalls nothing of what happened in the courtroom, having again "lost time." However, just as Vail is leaving, Aaron asks him to: "tell Miss Venable I hope her neck is okay," which is not something that Aaron should have been able to remember if he had "lost time." Due to this slip, Vail points this out, whereupon Aaron Stampler grins slyly and reveals that he has been pretending to be insane the whole time. No longer stuttering, the murderous but perfectly sane Aaron admits that he didn't make up the identity of Roy... he made up the character of Aaron. Aaron Stampler now admits to having murdered Archbishop Rushman, as well as his girlfriend, Linda, whom the cleric also had molested. Aware that he would not get away with killing the Archbishop, Aaron made up his simpleton personality to gain sympathy from his lawyer as well as the judge and jury, and when his scheme had become compromised, he made up the name of 'Roy' (his real sociopath personality) to make it appear that he committed the murder under a split personality. Stunned and disillusioned at how he was so easily fooled and manipulated by his own client, Vail walks away, with Aaron/Roy taunting him from the cell. Vail leaves the courthouse through the back door and takes a taxi away, now more angry and cynical then ever, but ashamed to be in the public light anymore.;;https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0117381/