Satya;;1998;;Not Rated;;Action,Crime,Drama;;8.3;;Ram Gopal Varma;;J.D. Chakravarthi,Manoj Bajpayee,Urmila Matondkar,Paresh Rawal,Saurabh Shukla,Govind Namdeo,Makrand Deshpande,Shefali Shah,Raju Mavani,Aditya Srivastav,Neeraj Vora,Rajesh Joshi,Saabir,Snehal Dabi,Jeeva,Bener Jee,Jyotsna Karyekar,Utkarsh Mazumdar;;Satya, an orphan comes to Mumbai and works in a bar and one day he is humiliated by a local don Jagga.When Jagga's men ask hafta, Satya retaliates and finally he is beaten up by them and handed over to police. Bhiku Matre, a gangster working for a politician Bhau, kills a film producer and after the confession of one of his hit men, Bhiku is arrested and taken to the jail. In jail, Satya and Bhiku fight on a trivial issue and later become good friends.With the help of Bhiku, Satya joins his gang. Later Bhiku is also released on bail and with his help, Satya avenges his humiliation by killing Jagga and starts operating for the gang and soon becomes one of the main players of the gang. He meanwhile becomes acquainted to his neighbouring girl Vidya, who is a struggling singer, and slowly their association grows.He even threatens a music director to give her a chance in his films without her knowledge, since she doesn't know about his true identity.. When Guru Narayan, an arch rival of Bhiku gang, lands in Mumbai, Satya and Bhiku hatch a plan to kill him but on the insistence of their warlord Bhau, they avert it at the last moment, but soon they kill Guru without the approval of their head Bhau. This killing incident on the streets of the Mumbai city prompts minister to bring in a new commissioner after getting disappointed with the "laid back attitude" of the current commissioner. When the new commissioner Amol shukla takes charge, Bhau comes to Bhike for his own benefit and finally they both patch up. Then the minister gives Amol full powers to clean up the city after the latter expressing his dissatisfaction about the system and its functioning. In the process of cleaning up the city, many gangsters are gunned down by the police in encounters and in one of those incidents, Satya's close aide Chandar dies and that compels them to kill Amol and they do so eventually. Then after winning the elections, Bhau, being a selfish person, kills Bhiku as he is unhappy about the him and Satya for operating against his wishes and then gives a tip off to the police on Satya. After coming to know of his close friend Bhiku's death, Satya goes on and kills Bhau but before planning to leave the city of Mumbai for good, he wants to meet his girlfriend Vidya to straighten things with her as he know of her coming to know the truth about his profession. At Vidya's house, policemen come and surround the locality and fire bullets at Satya while he is pleading Vidya to open the door to talk to her for one last time.Finally in the shoot out incident, Satya is gunned down and finally he dies in front of her after breaking into her place for which she looks at him completely shocked. As the voice over is being heard, one of the Bhiku's gang members reads about that shooting incident in the paper and shoots it with disappointment.;;https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0195231/