Envy;;2004;;PG-13;;Comedy;;4.8;;Barry Levinson;;Ben Stiller,Jack Black,Rachel Weisz,Amy Poehler,Christopher Walken,Ariel Gade,Sam Lerner,Lily Jackson,Connor Matheus,Hector Elias,Angee Hughes,Manny Kleinmuntz,Blue Deckert,John Gavigan,Terry Bozeman,Brian Reddy,E.J. Callahan,Edith Jefferson;;Tim and Nick are neighbors who work at a company which makes sandpaper. It's not clear what they do but they wear suits and have offices, and they carpool together each day. Both men have a wife and kids. Nick is so annoying with all his ideas for inventions, and while they are usually ridiculous, one day he gets an idea that actually works. A spray can that eliminates what dogs do. There is a scientist (who apparently works at Nick's company) who actually comes up with the magic formula. The one question that is never answered in the movie is: where does it go when it disappears? Tim did not choose to invest in this ridiculous idea. He and Nick are such good friends that he shares the wealth, as much as Tim tries to stop his family from being spoiled. Tim is quite envious of Nick, who built a huge mansion right across the street and has the best of everything. And yet he resists letting Nick share the wealth as much as he can, and the white horse Tim's kids love is a particularly serious problem as it does what Nick's invention can cure, only Tim won't use it. Or shouldn't have. Eventually everything falls apart for Tim, and that's when the movie really gets crazy. Tim has a big secret and the wacky J-Man to help him with a scheme to keep this secret from ruining his life even further--for a price. And one just knows that whatever Tim tries to do, he will ruin his life even more and more. Meanwhile, Nick's wife wants to run for State Senate. The big question the audience wants to know the answer to: Surely everything will fall apart for Nick too, right? And how will Tim get out of his mess? How far will J-Man go to bring Tim down? How far down can Tim go?;;https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0326856/