Diary of a Nymphomaniac;;2008;;Not Rated;;Drama,Romance;;5.7;;Christian Molina;;Belén Fabra,Leonardo Sbaraglia,Llum Barrera,Geraldine Chaplin,Ángela Molina,Pedro Gutiérrez,José Chaves,Jorge-Yamam Serrano,Antonio Garrido,Jaume García Arija,David Vert,Javier Coromina,Judith Diakhate,Natasha Yarovenko,Laura De Pedro,Mariona Tena,Yanik Parra,Carlota Frisón;;Valerie, a young Spanish woman, is brought up by her French grandmother Marie. The movie starts off with a discussion about the necessity of keeping memories, and a short discussion about sex. Marie advices Val to keep her acts and memories into a diary. And so she does. It runs off with Val's memories about her first sexual encounters at the ripe age of 15, then rapidly moves to her leaving to Barcelona. <br><br>At age 29, Val is still ensured that the only way to fulfill her own completion is by having sex. With anyone. One day, her grandmother dies. Afterwords, Val loses her job due to corporate downsizing. Forced to look for a new job, Val goes to some job interviews, one at an Italian fashion house and the other one at a firm with a director called Jaime.<br><br>Val falls in love, for the first time in her life, with Jaime. They move together to a penthouse overlooking the Mediterranean whilst Val is feeling awkward that Jaime is paying for everything. They do get interested in having kids, whilst Val's friend Cristina thinks it's too quick. Val is gets a new job at the Italian fashion house while her new employer Harry is gay and does not respond to her sexual advances. Suddenly Jaime turns up, turned on, and causes a scene. Val decides to leave and meets the support from her female friends. Then Val returns to be the victim of her sexual desires and falls into prostitution in a "high-level" brothel. <br><br>It is here where Val she meets some customers that affect her thinking in different ways. Giovanni and Alex among others. Then Val is ordered to take care of a disabled man which appears to attract her feelings. After some woeful scenes, Val decides to pack up and leave. In the final scene, Val quickly visits her best female friend in the midst of pouring rain ready to start her life over again.;;https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1111890/