Sex and the City;;2008;;R;;Comedy,Drama,Romance;;5.7;;Michael Patrick King;;Sarah Jessica Parker,Kim Cattrall,Cynthia Nixon,Kristin Davis,Chris Noth,Candice Bergen,Jennifer Hudson,David Eigenberg,Evan Handler,Jason Lewis,Mario Cantone,Lynn Cohen,Willie Garson,Joanna Gleason,Joseph Pupo,Alexandra Fong,Parker Fong,Kerry Bishé;;Carrie Bradshaw finally gets the commitment she has dreamed of from the non-committal Mr Big. They are getting married. Having been married before, he would prefer a small affair. But, Carrie soon gets carried away with dreams of a fashionista's dream wedding, as she tries on wedding dresses from top designers. Mr Big gets cold feet after talking to Miranda, who is really projecting the problems she is facing in her own marriage. Things have dwindled for Steve and Miranda, leading him to sleep with someone else. They separate as a result.<br><br>When Mr Big deserts Carrie at the alter, the girls take off on what-would-have-been her honeymoon. The girls have a great time, but it takes Carrie a while before she is able to laugh again. Samantha calls Miranda out on letting herself go, suggesting that she is neglecting herself and her marriage. Charlotte is paranoid about drinking the water, but inadvertently drinks some in the shower. Unfortunately, this leads to an embarrassing case of diarrhea. Samantha has been finding it frustrating being so far away from an increasingly busy Smith, whose acting career has taken off. She spies on a handsome man.<br><br>On her return, Carrie decides to get her life in order by hiring an Assistant - who, it turns out, is also facing relationship troubles. However, things turnaround for this Assistant when her childhood sweetheart has a change of heart and proposes. So she leaves her employment with Carrie. <br><br>On Valentine's day, Miranda confesses to Carrie that it was her fault that Mr Big got cold feet. Consequently, Carrie and Mr Big reconcile and have a small wedding at a registry office.;;https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1000774/