Women in Trouble;;2009;;R;;Comedy,Drama;;5.7;;Sebastian Gutierrez;;Carla Gugino,Adrianne Palicki,Connie Britton,Dan Mailley,Caitlin Keats,Isabella Gutierrez,Simon Baker,Sarah Clarke,Emmanuelle Chriqui,Antonio Graña,Marley Shelton,Josh Brolin,Garcelle Beauvais,Greg Lauren,Samantha Shelton,Rya Kihlstedt,Xander Berkeley,Elizabeth Berkley;;Elektra and Holly are in jail about to be hanged for a crime they didn't commit. Their solution to the problem involves taking off most of their clothes. Actually, Elektra is a porn star and Holly is an actress and a hooker And when Holly goes to her other job working with Bambi, something undesirable almost happens that cannot be mentioned on broadcast TV, though some of the words left in explain the situation clearly enough. Elektra has a doctor's appointment in a tall building. There, she finds out she is pregnant, and Nick is the likely father. More about him later. Also in the same building is Doris, who is on the phone with her troubled sister Addy. Addy and her adorable daughter Charlotte are in therapy. Today it is Charlotte's turn to visit Maxine. Maxine's husband Travis has a terrible secret which will turn Maxine's life upside down, but for now the concern is Charlotte, who believes she sees ghosts. Doris and Elektra get stuck in the elevator together. At first they hate each other, but with a serious wildfire problem, the fire department's first priority is not them. So they have to adapt to the situation, take off most of their clothes because of the heat, and learn about each other. Cora is the flight attendant who flirts with rock star Nick, while Maggie is her level-headed partner. Something terrible happens on the flight and they have to figure out what to do. Holly and Bambi take Maxine to a bar to deal with their problems by drinking. Maxine makes it home all right, though she is quite drunk, and she must eventually confront Travis, who gets her undressed. Holly, who is upset no one remembered her birthday, ends up spending the night at the apartment of the bartender and the bartender's lesbian masseuse roomie Darby. Darby really helps Holly feel better about her problems. Some of the women solve their problems, and some of them are worse off.;;https://www.imdb.com/title/tt1247704/