1999;;Rites of Passage;;American;;Victor Salva;;Dean Stockwell, James Remar, Jason Behr;;drama;;https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rites_of_Passage_(1999_film);;The film begins with two recently escaped convicts – Frank (James Remar) and Red (Jaimz Woolvett) – approaching a group of campers. Frank, the elder of the pair, shoots and kills the campers.<br><br>D.J. Farraday (Robert Glen Keith) discovers that his father, Del (Stockwell), has been having an affair. D.J. asks Del to meet him at the family's cabin by the lake, where D.J. intends to confront him about his adultery. When the two arrive at the summer house, they find Del’s younger son, Campbell "Cam" Farraday (Behr), already there. Eventually it is revealed that Del had found Cam and his boyfriend, Billy, embracing there at the cabin. Del brutally beat Billy, and father and son have not spoken since. While D.J. is trying to convince Cam to stay and attempt a reconciliation, Cam reveals to him that Billy is dead, and the clear implication is that Cam blames his father for the loss.<br><br>A short while later, the two escaped convicts show up at the cabin and ask to use the phone, claiming that their car has broken down. Red, who is introduced as Frank's adult son, makes a point of taking up the hospitality offered, using that excuse to remain in the house (over Frank's objection). As the evening progresses Frank seems to be forcing Del into a challenge. Tensions are high, as Frank makes his play for Alpha of the house. At one point, D.J. goes so far as to suggest that "we all just whip 'em out and get this over with."<br><br>The police show up looking for the two escaped convicts, and things get tense very quickly. It soon becomes clear that Cam knew the convicts and has had some sort of entanglement with them. The family must reconcile and put aside their issues with each other to deal with the menacing force of Frank. Tragedy ensues in the film's final few moments, good vanquishes evil, and father and sons are reconciled.